1)tell me about yourself?
“Sure, so, my name is Joe and I am 27 years old.

For the past 5 years, I’ve been working as a business analyst at Company X and Y.

I have some background in data analysis, with a degree from University XY. What really got me into the field, though, is the internship I did at Company Z. 

Throughout my career, I’ve noticed that I’ve always been good with numbers and handling data.

For example, when I was working at Company X, I led a project for migrating all operations data to a new data warehousing system to cut down on costs. The new solution 
was a much better fit for our business, which eventually led to savings of up to $200,000 annually. 

Moving forward, I hope to expand my experience across different industries. Particularly fintech, which is why I’m interested in your company..” 


2. What are your long-term and short-term goals?

Short-Term goals are nothing but the immediate things you want to achieve in a short while and whereas, Long Term goals are things you wish to do and achieve in the
 next five years. Through this question, the interviewer will be accessing how your equation will be with
 the company in a long while. While answering this question do keep in mind to share the goals that can help you grow as an individual at the same time tell them about 
the value you can create for the company for a long period of time.

3. Why do you want to join our organization?
HCL is a company where innovation and culture are at the core. As an individual, I would like to expand my horizons along with contribute to the growth of the company. 
Work-Life Balance,Work Environment,Brand Name Being considered as one of the best tech companies in India, 17% of employees believe that the HCL’s brand name not only 
opens up the world of opportunities but also adds value to the professional career.
HCL believes in the Philosophy if Ideapreneurship which is a self-sustaining, self-inspired, innovation engine driving HCL forward.

4.Give us two of your biggest strengths and weaknesses
 Flexibility and Adaptability

weakness
  Self-criticism
  Insecure
5. why do you want to shift?
I am interested in a new challenge and an opportunity to use my technical skills and experience in a different capacity than I have in the past. 
This position seemed like an excellent match for my skills and experience and I am not able to fully utilize them in my present job.